In this section, we're going to take a
look at generics, collections and lambda
expressions. Now these three features are
often used together. Kotlin has done
quite a bit with collections in terms of
adding convenience functions because
Kotlin doesn't have its own collection
classes, well that's not quite true it
has a couple but the major ones like
list and map and set and everything else
that's all based on the Java classes as you'll see,
but Kotlin has added functions that make
working with the collections classes a
lot more convenient, we'll also take a
look at contra variance and covariance
when we look at generics and we'll see
some enhancements to lambda expressions.
So there's a lot for us to sink our
teeth into. So let's get started.